# Iterators

A common task in programming is to do something X number of times.

Here lets say we are assigned to print hello world 5 times

```python
print('Hello World!')
print('Hello World!')
print('Hello World!')
print('Hello World!')
print('Hello World!')
```

This code technically does what i asked for, but if the requirements for the problem change I will manually need to change each instance.

This is where loops come into play. We can use a for loop and the range() function to make this more efficient:

```python
for x in range(5):
    print('Hello World!')
```

In the above loop, we iterate over a sequence of numbers generated by the range() function, which starts from 0 (by default) and ends at the number you specify (in this case, 5). Each time through the loop, the code block consisting of print('Hello World!') will be executed. This is a much more efficient way to print "Hello World!" five times than writing out the print statement five separate times. And if you need to change the number of times you print "Hello World!", you can simply change the argument to the range() function, rather than manually updating each instance of the print statement.

# Even numbers 0 to 10

To print even numbers from 0 to 10, we can use the range() function with three arguments: range(start, stop, step). In this case, we want to start at 0, stop at 11 (since the stop value is not inclusive), and increment by 2:

```python
for x in range(0, 11, 2):
    print(x)
```

This will output:

```
0
2
4
6
8
10
```

The `range()` function with three arguments allows us to specify a starting value, a stopping value, and a step value (the amount by which to increment the sequence). By default, the `start` value is 0 and the `step` value is 1, so we can omit those arguments if we want to use those default values.
